Existing Solutions (#35)
SW709E19/Report: report/PartProblemAnalysis/ChapterExistingSolutions/existing-solutions.tex

\section{Existing Solutions}

> In this section, existing solutions are researches to determine what exists and what these solutions are capable of. The lifetime expectations and cost will also be researched to determine what can be improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, existing solutions are described in order to determine what exists and what these solutions are capable of. The lifetime expectations and costs will also be described to determine what can be improved.
```

> In this section, existing solutions are researches to determine what exists and what these solutions are capable of. The lifetime expectations and cost will also be researched to determine what can be improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, existing solutions are researched in order to determine what exists and what these solutions are capable of. The lifetime expectations and costs are also researched to determine what can be improved.
```
